(gentle upbeat music)
♪ Diamond life ♪
♪ Lover boy ♪
♪ We move in space with minimum waste ♪
♪ And maximum joy ♪
♪ City lights ♪
♪ And business nights ♪
♪ When you require streetcar desire ♪
♪ For higher heights ♪
♪ No place for beginners
or sensitive hearts ♪
♪ When sentiment is left to chance ♪
♪ No place to be ending
but somewhere to start ♪
♪ No need to ask ♪
♪ He's a smooth operator ♪
♪ Smooth operator ♪
♪ Coast to coast, LA to Chicago ♪
♪ Western male ♪
♪ Across the north and
south to Key Largo ♪
♪ Love for sale ♪
(gentle poignant upbeat music)
(gentle upbeat music)
♪ Face-to-Face ♪
♪ Each classic case ♪
♪ We shadow box and double cross ♪
♪ Yet need the chase ♪
♪ A license to love, insurance to hold ♪
♪ Melts all your memories
and change into gold ♪
♪ His eyes are like angels
but his heart is cold ♪
♪ No need to ask ♪
♪ He's a smooth operator ♪
♪ Smooth operator ♪
♪ Coast to coast, LA to Chicago ♪
♪ Western male ♪
♪ Across the north and
south to Key Largo ♪
♪ Love for sale ♪
♪ Smooth operator ♪